[Autogenerated] Let's look at another debugging tool
that spring integration provides,
which is Thea Bility to follow the history of messages.
The integration flow in our demo application is not very complicated,
but you can imagine that in more elaborate applications,
messages will be passed between components in more complex ways.
Sometimes errors may occur at some point in the flow,
and you need to know what has happened to the message before it
got to the point where the error occurred.
For that purpose,
you can switch on spring integrations message history component.
You can do this either in XML configuration by adding an int
message history element at the top level off the configuration
file or by using the enable message,
history and notation in the configuration class,
such as our Globomantics Service application class.
What this will do is at a history had er to all messages containing a trail
off the components that the message has passed through.
For example,
in this history had a value that have copied and pasted from the debug logging.
You can see that this message went from the registration
request channel adaptor to the Registration Request channel
and then to the registration service, activator registration event channel,
the Confirmation Mail Channel and finally to the outgoing mail channel.
When you start working with spring integration in your own applications,
you'll find that having the possibility to trace the path off messages can be really useful.